Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Do you have any idea why someone
would wanna kill to stop this race?
Jamie, get down!
Now cancel the race
before it's too late.
They're well-known
crime figures in Detroit.
That's very nice.
The nineteenth hole.
KITT, this is the place...
they bury people
when they get in their way.
Jamie.
Car seven and 12
to the starting line.
Go!
The road up ahead.
What about it?
There's a high voltage wire
stretched across it.
Knight Rider, a shadowy flight
into the dangerous world...
of a man who does not exist.
Michael Knight,
a young loner...
on a crusade to champion
the cause of the innocent...
the helpless, the powerless...
in a world of criminals
who operate above the law.
It's called
the Marberry Grand Prix.
I don't care what it sounds like.
It's spelled P-R-I-X, not P-R-E-E.
It's French.
What am I supposed to do with
5,000 fly sheets spelled wrong?
Okay, George. Thanks.
I'll see you in half an hour.
P-R-I-X. Right.
She just left.
Michael, you're awfully quiet
this morning.
Just appreciating
the countryside, pal...
just appreciating
the countryside.
Kind of reminds me
of when I was a kid, you know?
Lazy days, green hills,
streams full of catfish...
Mary Lou.
For some reason, I can't
visualize you as a child.
Then again, I can't visualize
myself as one, either.
It's probably
because you never were.
As a child, would I still
have all my functions?
Would I still be able
to turbo boost?
Yeah, but you'd have to start
off small, like maybe over wagons.
Station wagons?
Toy wagons.
In that case, I'm glad I never
had to experience childhood.
Devon's calling.
Yo, Devon.
Hello, Michael.
I see you're not far
from the town of Marberry.
Marberry?
Couldn't prove it by me.
What's up?
The granddaughter
of an old friend of mine...
is the editor-publisher of the local
paper there. I'm way ahead of you.
You want me to drop by and pick up
the latest edition as a keepsake...
because I've been on the road
for three days straight...
and you wouldn't dream of
giving me another assignment.
Michael.
You would.
She's sponsoring
a local event.
For some reason...
she's convinced that someone's
tried to kill her this morning.
It may be nothing, but I'd never
forgive myself if I was wrong.
I'm on my way.
I'll get back to you.
KITT, plot us a course
to Marberry.
Marberry, Michael?
You heard me, Marberry.
And give me whatever you've
got on that little town.
Right away, Michael.
According to my data, Marberry is a
quiet, peaceful retirement community.
Welcome, Benji.
It's been a long time, Joey.
Too long,
my good friend.
Is Mr. C here yet?
No, but soon. Soon.
What's that? They're here
for some kind of race...
but don't worry, Benji.
We're dealing with it.
Hmm.
The nineteenth hole,
old friend?
The nineteenth hole.
Get there first!
A quiet, peaceful
retirement community?
Bonnie meticulously revises
my databanks regularly.
Is it possible
we're in the wrong Marberry?
I don't think so.
It seems to me...
Marberry has changed
its image, partner.
None for the better if you
ask me. Is nothing sacred?
Isn't there anywhere safe from
fast cars and rock and roll?
You tell me. You're the one with
the meticulously revised databanks.
Is that thing blown?
I beg your pardon.
Not now, KITT.
You know, blown
as in supercharged.
Does it matter?
Only if you wanna win.
I'll let you know.
What's that funny,
little red light in front?
That is an automatic garage door opener.
Can you tell me
where I can find the sponsor?
Right over there.
It's winner take all.
In case you're interested, that
was my nickname in high school.
Winner?
All.
The wisdom of youth.
Hi, Daisy.
Bye, Red.
Ain't seen you around before,
dude.
Let's take a look at your
horses. I beg your pardon.
There's more than one way
to open a tin can.
We'll see about that.
Thank you.
Business looks good.
Wanna sign up?
Maybe later.
Are you Jamie Downs?
Yeah. Why?
My name is Michael Knight.
Devon Miles asked me to drop by.
So soon? Thanks.
You're welcome.
Can we maybe
go someplace and talk?
I wasn't expecting you
till later...
and there's no one here
to relieve me.
That's okay. I'll just check
into a hotel, clean up...
and come back
when you're finished.
Sounds good,
except you won't find a motel.
Filled already?
No, they just won't rent to
racers. No problem. I'm not a racer.
When can we meet?
How about my house,
say, 9:00?
Terrific. Address?
Oh, yeah.
You're shaking.
Whatever it is,
it'll be okay.
Yeah.
I'd prefer it if you'd kindly
keep your hands to yourself.
Open, Sesame.
Who do you think you are?
Ali Baba?
I ain't through
with you yet.
The sign says,
"No vacancy."
Well, if you're all filled up,
how come there's no cars out there?
Look, if it makes any difference
to you, I am not a racer.
No wild parties. No pets.
Read my lips.
Now leave
before I call the police.
What is it about your attitude
I don't like?
I've got it. I've got it. It's
your attitude. Take off, punk.
Transfer my calls to the young
lady's room. Yes, Mr. Rome.
I said, "Take off, punk."
I know. I heard you.
Well, you're still here.
I have some unfinished
business with the manager here.
Any unfinished business
you got is with me.
Now, one more word out of you, and
you're gonna wish you were never born.
One more word out of you, and
you'll wish I never was, either.
On second thought...
I really don't like
this motel very much.
You want more coffee?
No, thanks. Go ahead.
That's about it. When I found out
I'd inherited the Marberry Times...
I took a week off and came out to
sell it, and instead I fell in love.
With Marberry?
Does that sound a little
strange? Yeah, I guess it does.
No. No, it doesn't.
I'll tell you what sounds strange
is what's been happening to you.
Jamie, when did
the threats begin?
The day after I announced I was gonna
stage the first Marberry Grand Prix.
I contacted the Racing
Association of America...
and they gave me
their blessing.
Not only that, but they agreed
to underwrite...
the cost of building
a permanent course...
if this first race
was successful.
Michael, this town could
use the business. Believe me.
I thought the people
would be enthusiastic.
At first, I just thought
it was a crank caller.
Until this morning.
Jamie, who owns
the Marberry Motel?
I don't know.
I never thought about it. Why?
I don't know. I had
something very strange happen.
Do you have any idea why someone
would want to kill to stop the race?
I've asked myself that
question a thousand times.
Wait a minute. KITT, trace
this call, will you, pal?
Right away, Michael.
You don't think...
I don't know. Go ahead.
Hello?
This is your last chance.
Now cancel the race
before it's too late...
or it'll be canceled
for you tomorrow.
He hung up.
Did you get it?
I'm tracing it now.
Michael, there's a man
in a car slowing up outside...
and he's paying undue
attention to Jamie's house.
Okay, let's check it out.
I'll be right back.
There's the car now.
I see it, buddy.
I've completed
the trace, Michael.
The call came from a pay phone
at the Marberry Motel.
My favorite place, huh? First,
let's check this guy out.
My sensors detect...
an electronically activated
device.
Where?
The undercarriage
of Jamie's car.
Jamie, get down!
What?
Get down! Get down!
Welcome to the Marberry Hotel.
Michael, what is it about that
place that bothers you so much?
For one thing,
the clientele.
And for the second, the fact that that
call was made from there last night.
You think that the person who wants
to stop this race is staying there?
I don't know.
You don't know,
or you don't wanna tell me?
Jamie, the call was made
from a public phone.
It could've been a guest. It could've
been a passerby. I don't know.
You let me
worry about that, okay?
Right now, you worry
about making...
Marberry's first Grand Prix
a real big success, okay?
Mmm-hmm.
What are you gonna do?
First, drop you off.
I'm gonna check out
the competition...
to see if there's anyone in
the race who shouldn't be there.
Michael, really, asking me
to qualify for a car race...
is like asking Reggie Jackson if he
knows how to throw a forward pass.
Remind me to have Bonnie
check out your sports chip.
Besides, I don't understand why
we're entering it in the first place.
Because my guess is, having
failed to discourage the sponsor...
they're gonna work
on the contestants...
and I wanna be close enough
to make sure nobody gets hurt.
Keep your eyes open.
All right, Michael...
but it would certainly help if
I knew what I was looking for.
As soon as I find out,
you'll be the first to know.
In the meantime, give me
hard copies on the racers...
and run them through
your image databank.
Whatever you say,
Michael.
Hi.
If you're looking to enter the
race, you can sign up over there.
Thank you very much. Next
qualifying heat's in an hour.
With a little luck, we might
be up against each other.
You know, I can't think of anyone in this
entire world I'd rather be up against.
Thanks again, Daisy.
Hey, dude.
Yo.
That T-top of yours looks
a little light in the horses.
That's because
he's a jumper, hot dog.
I do hope this Rooster doesn't
damage my XK-100 thermal printer.
Okay, dude,
time to open you up.
Back to your barnyard,
Rooster. I have work to do.
Michael, what's wrong?
I just tried to call Jamie,
and her service said...
she went
to the Marberry Motel.
Nick, it's good to see you, my
good friend. And you, too, Joey.
Nick, you will sit here
on Mr. C's left...
and, Benji, you will sit
there on Mr. C's right.
It will be good
to see him again.
What do you want?
I was just...
Who are you?
I was just coming down to...
Oh, honey, there you are. I have
been looking all over for you.
How are you?
We just got married...
and this is our honeymoon.
She must have thought
that was our honeymoon suite.
Maybe you don't know how that is.
Honey, please tell this man how that is.
Happiest day of my life. Happiest
day of her life. You know, first...
I know that voice.
We would love to invite you
up for a drink...
but you know how that is.
Go, will you? Go.
What's happening?
What's going on?
KITT, meet me outside
and hurry it up!
Michael, I've heard of automatic
drive, but this is ridiculous!
Would you
just get in the car?
Incredible, huh?
It was incredible.
Michael, every time I turned around,
there was another limo pulling in.
And the faces,
it was like watching...
an old gangster movie
coming alive. Jamie.
I wonder what was in
those attache cases.
Jamie, will you listen to me?
I'm serious now.
I don't want you taking
any more chances like that.
Michael, come on.
I'm a trained reporter.
You're also a girl
who's been run off the road...
who's had her car
blown up.
I mean, what is this? Last
night you were scared to death.
And the reason I was scared
to death has something to do...
with what's going on
in that motel. I'm sure of it.
Okay, I'll find out
what's going on there...
but I want you to promise me you will
not go back there again, not alone.
Michael, what gave you
that idea about the honeymoon?
You don't wanna hear
a word I say, do you?
Well, what gave you the idea
about the honeymoon?
Just the product
of a fertile imagination.
It's the best kind.
Have a safe race.
Drivers in cars 7
and 12. Seven and 12.
All right.
You forgot your passive
laser restraint seatbelt.
Thanks for reminding me.
Do you think the heat
will be sabotaged?
According to last night's
phone call, it will be.
Let's be ready for anything.
Take a good look, dude.
The only thing you'll be seeing
from here on is my exhaust.
Drivers ready? Go!
Car number 12, get going!
Here we go.
What did you find out
about our competition?
They're not exactly
what you'd call...
pillars of the community,
Michael...
but except for a few
outstanding traffic citations...
and one or two arrests
for disturbing the peace...
none of them has ever been in
any serious trouble with the law.
Well, I was hoping for something more.
I'll try to hide my disappointment.
Michael, the road up ahead.
What about it?
There's a high voltage wire
stretched across it.
Any chance
of neutralizing it?
Negative, Michael, and if
Rooster's car hits the wire...
he'll be incinerated.
Then we've gotta get to
it first. Let's move it.
He's in our way, Michael.
We can't get around him.
You're not gonna try to turbo
boost at this speed? You are.
Michael,
we are going to hit it.
See you around, dude!
What's that strange music?
It was caused
by the high voltage current...
surging through
my laser modulator.
Well, turn it off,
will you?
All right, Michael, but I can't
guarantee it won't come back on again.
I'll talk to Bonnie
about that.
I have pictures, evidence.
Jamie, will you stop for a second?
Jamie, you're not
listening to me.
Yes, I am. The problem is that
you're not taking me seriously.
Wrong. The problem is you're not
taking the situation seriously.
You smell a story here, and
everything else in the world vanishes.
Michael,
you don't understand.
When I left Chicago to come
here, I made a tradeoff.
I gave up
every journalist's dream...
the chance of hitting the mother
lode, the big story. Don't you see?
I gave it up, and now here
it is, knocking on my door.
Just let me show you
the negatives.
Oh, no.
"Oh, no"? What?
What "Oh, no"?
They're all underexposed.
What kind of camera
did you use?
The best. My grandfather
used it in the war.
What war was that?
I figured if it was good enough
for the Battle of the Bulge...
it was good enough
for the Marberry Motel.
I'll tell you what.
I'll run it...
through KITT's system to see
if anything's salvageable, okay?
On one condition.
I was afraid of that.
You stay away
from that motel for now.
I've got an appointment with Devon.
I'll be back here in two hours.
Deal?
You drive a hard bargain.
Deal.
Need a little help
with these, partner.
That's an understatement,
Michael.
I don't care how sophisticated my
image-enhancement software program is...
there are limits.
I can't reach sufficient recognition
threshold on any of these negatives.
Maybe not, but one thing's in
focus, the brown attache case.
I've got an idea.
Let's find the nearest leather
goods store. I was afraid of that.
Looks like business
is booming.
Interface with
the motel's computer.
I wanna know
what room Rome's in.
Yes, Michael. I just hope
this plan of yours works.
Room 117.
Thank you very much.
Phase One is about to begin.
Will you turn
that champagne stuff off?
All right, KITT, I need a diversion.
Anything particular in mind?
Just use your imagination, will
you? I need to get that attache case.
I'll get right on it.
I think I have
just the diversion, Michael...
but you'll have to
move quickly.
Michael, I fail to see...
what a brown attache case
has to do with anything.
Look.
That's a staggering amount
of money.
What do you think is the connection
between the convention at the motel...
and the incident
on the race course?
Very good question. I don't know
what it is, but I know it's there.
Since we're on the subject, I think
you might find this quite interesting.
What is that?
Unless I miss my guess...
it's a list of all the
contributors to the family.
Michael, these names.
Johnny Eyes, Julius the K...
they're well-known
crime figures in Detroit.
And wouldn't you say they
constitute some hard evidence?
At the very least. In the hands
of the proper authorities...
this information could drive a
wedge into the Detroit family.
Devon, from what I've seen,
Detroit is only one of many.
Hold off on that wedge until I find
out what Phase Two gives us, okay?
Right.
Bonnie, how's KITT coming?
I gotta check in with Jamie.
He's finished. I just had to
recalibrate his suspension synchronizer.
And you got rid
of all that champagne stuff?
Gone forever.
You are beautiful.
Now, do me one more favor.
Update his databanks
on Marberry...
all the prominent businesses, starting with
the motel, financial history, the works.
I'll get right on it. Anything
else? I'll let you know.
Michael, be careful.
Where's Joey? If I know
him, he's probably asleep.
I'll give him a call.
Tell him to hurry.
Mr. C will be here any minute.
Room 117, please.
Yeah? Oh, okay. Yeah. Listen,
I'll be right there. Okay.
It's not like
the good old days.
Yeah.
And what have we got today?
Computers and college graduates.
Mr. C!
Very nice. Very nice.
All of you, please sit.
Now, wine for all my friends.
And make yourselves at home.
I'm glad all of you showed up
to pay up your respects...
and I can guarantee you
it will not be forgotten...
but first, I got a nice toast.
I made it up myself.
But first, I believe
there's some presents.
Sit, all of you.
Philly.
That's very nice.
Bravo.
I always liked Philly.
I got a nice toast about
Philly. I made it up myself.
Joey, my friend,
just in time.
I wanna see
my nice present from Detroit.
You're gonna be
pleased, Mr. C. I better.
What is this? A joke? Joey,
tell me what's going on here.
I don't know
what to say, Mr. C.
I don't like no jokes
from Detroit.
Better think of something,
Joey.
Whatever it is, it better
lead to the money, Joey.
Hey, what was that?
Over there. That table.
Michael,
I hope you're wrong...
about Jamie going back
to that motel.
That makes two of us, pal...
but that receipt I found
for a new mini-camera...
in her office tells me
I'm not.
But why wouldn't she leave word with
her service as she did the last time?
Because the last time
I found her, remember?
Sometimes, I think this girl
goes out of her way...
to make things difficult
for me. And possibly herself.
I only hope
we're not too late.
I do, too, partner.
I do, too.
At least, this time, we've got
an electronic ace up our sleeve.
Let's just hope it's enough,
buddy. It's Jamie I'm worried about.
Front desk, manager.
Hello?
Hello? This is
the front desk, manager.
Joey, Nick, get rid of her.
The nineteenth hole?
Yeah,
the nineteenth hole.
That's where we put
snoopy reporters.
Your plan was working,
Michael.
Who knows what else we might've
learned if Jamie hadn't shown up?
But she did, pal. She did.
"The nineteenth hole," that's
usually a phrase for the bar.
KITT, punch up your schematic
on the Marberry Golf Course.
Right away, Michael.
Does it have a bar?
Negative, Michael.
What's directly
behind the course?
A small housing tract,
recreation area, shopping center.
What about this area right
here? It looks undeveloped.
It is, Michael.
Who owns it? The city, but
here's something interesting.
If the Racing Association
of America...
does build a permanent course
in Marberry...
the city has offered that
piece of land for its clubhouse.
KITT, I think we found
the nineteenth hole.
All right, let's see
what else we can find.
Michael, you know
the race is starting now.
If they're really intent
on stopping it...
I hear you, pal. I hear you.
Starting time in five minutes.
Official starting time
in five minutes.
My car's gone!
Somebody stole my car! Now, hold
everything here. Wait a minute!
Wait a minute! Stop!
You ain't going anywhere!
You see who took my car?
This is it, Michael.
Anything unusual?
There's a shack hidden
within those trees.
All right, check out the
terrain, top and bottom.
Michael, a short distance up ahead,
there's something buried beneath the ground.
What are those?
They're wooden boxes,
measuring seven by four by two.
All right,
scan what's inside of them.
Oh, no. Human remains. Some of the
bodies have been here for many years.
Jamie?
No, Michael. According to
my geological analyzer...
the earth around here hasn't been
disturbed for at least six months.
The nineteenth hole.
KITT, this is the place they bury
people when they get in their way.
No wonder they're so determined
to keep this land undeveloped.
All right, put yourself
on silent mode.
Let's check out that shack.
All right,
scan the inside.
Michael, there's only one
person. A man. Could be Joey.
And according
to his vital signs...
he's very nervous
about something.
After losing Mr. C's money, I'd
say that something is his life.
Can you imitate
Mr. C's voice?
Once it's on my anharmonic
synthesizer, no problem.
All right, let's get him
out here, the easy way.
Meet me
in front of the shack.
Hey, Joey, it's Mr. C.
Come out, Joey.
I wanna talk to you.
Joey, don't make me send the boys
to get you. Don't make me mad.
Hey, Joey. Come out, Joey.
What do you want?
Where's Jamie?
Get off my back.
And I want my money.
The only thing you're
gonna get is about 15 years.
For what? Giving an old
friend a little present?
Joey, Joey, Joey.
I found the list of names
in your attache case...
and what about the bodies buried
over there in the nineteenth hole?
But, you see, I'm a real nice guy,
so you know what I'm gonna do for you?
What?
I'm gonna deliver you
to your real good friend...
Mr. C, and let him deal
with you.
No, wait a minute.
Hold it. Hold. Wait.
All right, Nick and I
left the hotel with Jamie...
and when we got here,
Mr. C called...
and he told Nick that he figured a
way to kill two birds with one stone.
Now, Nick took her somewhere, and
I was told to stay here and wait.
Where did they take her?
Someplace called Roads End.
It's part of the race course.
Look, you gotta get me
some protection.
Maybe I could be one of
those government witnesses.
You wanna be
a government witness?
Yeah. KITT, he wants to
be a government witness.
Let's put him some place
real safe. Pop the trunk.
Coming right up.
In the trunk?
In the trunk.
Michael, the racers
should be coming up...
to Roads End any minute now.
All right.
How far to Roads End?
1.3 miles.
All right, now give me a graphic of the
race course, and pinpoint the lead cars.
Thank you very much.
Let's just make sure we reach
Roads End before the lead cars do.
Michael, we're approaching
Roads End.
KITT, what's that dead ahead?
Give me a visual.
That's Rooster's car!
Michael, the area directly in front
of the car is wired to explode.
The first car passing will
trigger the detonating device...
and disintegrate any vehicle
within a 50-yard radius.
KITT, is someone
inside that car?
Jamie. I'm activating
your microwave jammer.
See if you can start
the Red Rooster.
Michael, in exactly 10.3 seconds,
the lead cars will be incinerated.
Not if we can help it. KITT,
we gotta smother that bomb.
I don't know if I can withstand
a bomb of that magnitude.
We got no choice.
We've got 10 seconds
and counting.
Nine, eight, seven...
Five, four, three...
two, one.
Well, you wanted
the mother lode. You got it.
That was some explosion.
Not the explosion, your dream,
remember? Your big story?
Oh, right.
It'll do.
"It'll do"...
Hamburgers, French fries, and
malts, just like the good old days.
Talking of the
good old days, Michael...
did you know that I did
some driving myself?
Really? Yes, really.
Formula cars, mostly.
The Strasbourg Grand Prix,
Monte Carlo...
the Tour de Versailles
to name but a few.
Very impressive. Devon, someday,
you have to show us your trophies.
Trophies?
Well, Bonnie, I never actually
took home any trophies.
No trophies, but I always
finished. Always finished...
and I have
wonderful memories.
Well, maybe next year you can enter
the second annual Marberry Grand Prix.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yes, well, maybe.
Oh, no, not again.
They stole the Red Rooster.
No trophy, no money, and,
worst of all, no satisfaction.
What kind of satisfaction
are you looking for?
You! You and that black bucket
that you call a car!
Well, since you put it that way,
it seems it's the least I can do.
Will you all excuse from the
table, please? You're excused.
You're on, hot dog.
All right, dude.
I'll be right back.
This I can't wait to see.
Really, Michael,
this is highly unorthodox.
Just protecting
your honor, buddy.
Well, he is a rude,
crude dude.
You call it.
Now!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org